Name: Santhosh Raj Ravirala
Clemson Email Address: sravira@clemson.edu	
Course number:  6160

Project no: 4

Project description: Charizard vs Vegeta
Project Parnter: Vrunal.
Contribution: Worked on Dragon ball scaled sprite and Charizard sprite movement. Developed Hud and integrated project code.
Game theme:Vegeta needs to collect dragon balls and Charizard has to prevent Vegeta from doing so.
 Vegeta has plasma throwing powers and Charizard is capable to throw fireballs in projectile motion.
 Dragon balls would be dropped from the sky using Painter's algorithm.

Objective:
	HUD class: includes aaline and health script to draw lines in manager. Manager class calls HUD functions to draw HUD and uses 		clock function to toggle after 2 seconds. 
	ScaledSprite: Dragon Balls.
	Player: Vegeta, Used three bool variables to switch the player direction.
		Vegeta Sprite has three sprite actions combined in one image. Based on the bool variable that part of multisprite 
		is called. Use of space bar mulitplies the velocity of X direction by 2 to give a sprint motion.
	Back Ground: Clouds with factor of 4 to give more depth to mountains and trees.
	
Game Mechanics for future projects: 
    Collisions: Charizard <--> Vegeta (Fireball and Plasma shootings)		//later projects.
                Vegeta <--> Dragon Balls (Collection of balls)

    Explosions: if health of Vegeta reduces by collisions to fireballs of Charizard, //later projects.
                 Vegeta may die. Similary for Charizard.		

    AI: Instantiating Dragon balls away from Vegeta to make it difficult for the palyer to collect them.
    
    Controls : Vegeta:
                Navigation : asdw
                Shooting : some button  //Later projects
               Charizard
                Navigation : arrow keys
                Shooting : Some button		// later Projects


Sources:
Clouds http://pngimg.com/img/nature/cloud
Vegeta: brosif.devianart.com/Vegeta-Namek-Saga--sprite-Sheet-328792496
FrameFactory and Frame class: OODesign framework. Prof. Malloy website.	
Problems with this project:
